The Three Immortals are gathered here today
This faction occasionally won a sword half a year ago
Examine its spiritual power
Because of the ancient sword
Everyone is here today
Whoever is the strongest takes this sword
Secret Excalibur
You should recognize this sword
Four hundred years ago, after my death
The secret sword disappeared
Now I meet here
Sure enough, there is a certain number
So what if you recognize it?
Xiao Yinfeng
You've lost all your skills, don't come here to join in the fun
lost power
Could it be that this son is the legendary 100 million-level power?
The person who resisted the demon woman
Sounds awesome
In the end, he was not convinced by the demon girl of the devil world
Otherwise, how did you become like this bear?
The palace forbidden corpse shouted to participate in the Xianmen gathering
Isn't that funny?
Su Wenyin's prestige
See you today
It's just the power of words
Yo, little beauty, your mouth is pretty fast
However, this fairy sword
I must have won the Immortal Sect today
As expected of my disciple, Chi Yang Zhenren
Let them see the power of my Silver Immortal Sect
Look, this sword is made of high-quality mysterious iron
It weighs 108 levels and no one has lifted it so far
And all I need is this hand to pick it up
Su Hey, who dares to fight?
Since no one dares to fight
That chick is mine too